[
    {"prompt": "I can't find a pending retail order. I tried looking on the POS but I don't see it anywhere. Can you help me out?", "completion": "The pending retail order you're looking for is most likely under 'Retail' in the Pending Orders screen. Try checking there."},
    {"prompt": "I need to pay for a delivery order but I'm not sure where to find it in the system. What should I do?", "completion": "You can find the delivery order under the 'Delivery' section in the Pending Orders screen. Once located, you can proceed to settle the payment."},
    {"prompt": "How do I handle a bar tab that needs to be closed out?", "completion": "To close out a bar tab, go to the 'Bar Tabs' section in the Pending Orders screen, select the tab you need to close and press "Close Tab" to goto the checkout screen."},
    {"prompt": "I have a takeout order but the customer hasn't picked it up yet. How can I mark it as ready?", "completion": "In the 'Pending Orders' screen, select 'Takeout,' find the specific order, and ensure it's marked as 'Ready for Pickup' once it's prepared."},
    {"prompt": "A customer wants to split their table service bill among multiple people. How can I do this?", "completion": "For splitting a table service bill, go to the 'Manage Tickets' screen, select the table, and use the 'Split Tickets' option to divide the bill accordingly."},
    {"prompt": "I need to edit a pending drive-thru order. What steps should I follow?", "completion": "In the 'Pending Orders' screen, select 'Drive Thru,' find the specific order, and choose 'Edit Order' to make the necessary changes."},
    {"prompt": "How do I cancel an order that was placed for 'For Here' but now the customer wants it to go?", "completion": "To cancel the 'For Here' order, go to 'Pending Orders,' select 'For Here,' find the order, and use the 'Cancel Order' option. Then, create a new 'To Go' order for the customer. You can also change the Order type of the Order in Order Functions."},
    {"prompt": "A customer called to modify their delivery order. How can I update their information?", "completion": "Locate the delivery order in 'Pending Orders' under 'Delivery.' Select the order and choose 'Edit Order' to update the customer's details and modify the order as needed."},
    {"prompt": "Can I print a receipt for a bar tab before closing it out?", "completion": "Yes, go to the 'Bar Tabs' section in 'Pending Orders,' select the tab, and use the 'Print Tab' option to print the receipt without closing it out."},
    {"prompt": "I need to reassign a delivery order to a different driver. How do I do that?", "completion": "In the 'Pending Orders' screen, select 'Delivery,' find the order, and choose 'Re-Assign Driver' to assign the order to a different driver."},
    {"prompt": "A customer forgot their wallet and left a retail order unpaid. How can I save it?", "completion": "In the 'Pending Orders' screen under 'Retail,' you can save the order without payment. It will remain in the system until the customer returns to pay."},
    {"prompt": "Our restaurant has multiple terminals. How can I ensure only one terminal handles 'Table Service' orders?", "completion": "Go to 'Terminal Settings' on the POS, ensure you have the security privilege for 'Settings,' and turn off 'Table Service' for other terminals except the one designated for it."},
    {"prompt": "How do I add gratuity to a table service order?", "completion": "In the 'Manage Tickets' screen, select the table service order, and use the 'Gratuity' option to add the desired percentage before finalizing the payment."},
    {"prompt": "A customer wants to change their 'Takeout' order to 'For Here.' How do I handle this?", "completion": "Cancel the existing 'Takeout' order from 'Pending Orders,' then create a new order under 'For Here' for the customer. You could also change the Order"},
    {"prompt": "How can I look up a previous delivery order for a customer?", "completion": "In the 'Delivery' section of 'Pending Orders,' enter the customer's name or phone number to access their previous orders and select the one you need."},
    {"prompt": "We need to print duplicate receipts for a pending takeout order. What is the process?", "completion": "In 'Pending Orders,' select 'Takeout,' find the order, and use the 'Print Receipts' option to print duplicate receipts."},
    {"prompt": "How do I reset the default takeout wait time displayed on the login screen?", "completion": "Go to 'Back Office > Settings > POS > Order Wait Time Settings' and configure the 'Default Takeout Time' and 'Auto Time Reset' options to reset the default wait time daily."},
    {"prompt": "Our terminal is not showing 'Drive Thru' order type. What could be the issue?", "completion": "Ensure that 'Drive Thru' is enabled in 'Terminal Settings.' You might need to enter the passcode and override the settings to turn on this order type."},
    {"prompt": "How can I ensure that a server cannot clock out with open tables?", "completion": "Go to 'Back Office > Settings > POS > Table Service' and enable the 'Table Check' option. This will prevent servers from clocking out if they have open tables."},
    {"prompt": "I need to combine two bar tabs into one. How do I do this?", "completion": "In the 'Bar Tabs' section of 'Pending Orders,' select the tabs you want to combine, choose the 'Combine' option, and follow the prompts to merge them into one tab."},
    {"prompt": "A customer wants to pay for their delivery order using a different payment method. How can I change it?", "completion": "Find the delivery order in 'Pending Orders,' select it, and proceed to the payment screen where you can choose the new payment method."},
    {"prompt": "How do I assign a table section to a server upon clocking in?", "completion": "In 'Back Office > Settings > POS > Table Service,' enable the 'Assign Sections' option. Ensure table sections are set up in 'Settings > Table Sections.'"},
    {"prompt": "Can I edit the number of guests for a table service order after it's been placed?", "completion": "Yes, go to the 'Manage Tickets' screen, select the table, and use the 'Edit Guests' option to update the number of guests for the order."},
    {"prompt": "How can I print tickets for multiple pending delivery orders at once?", "completion": "In 'Pending Orders,' select 'Delivery,' check the orders you want to print tickets for, and use the 'Print Tickets' option to print them all simultaneously."}
]
