[
    {"prompt": "I've placed a retail order, but the items aren't printing in the designated station. My staff is confused about why they're not receiving the order. Can you assist?", "completion": "Ensure that a printer is assigned to the stations for retail orders. Also, verify that the menu items have the correct station selected as an option to print to for one of the three printers."},
    {"prompt": "My takeout orders aren't showing up on the kitchen printer. I sent a takeout order, but the kitchen staff didn't get it. Any idea what's wrong?", "completion": "Check if a printer is assigned to the stations for takeout orders. Additionally, the menu items need to have that station selected as an option to print to for one of the three printers."},
    {"prompt": "Delivery orders are not being printed in the kitchen. I just had a delivery order, but it didn't print out. What should I check?", "completion": "Verify that a printer is set up for the stations handling delivery orders. Ensure that the menu items are configured to print to one of the selected printers at the station."},
    {"prompt": "I have an issue with table orders not printing. I sent a table order to the kitchen, but it never printed. Can you help?", "completion": "Make sure a printer is assigned to the stations for table orders. Confirm that the menu items have the appropriate station selected to print to for one of the three printers."},
    {"prompt": "My bar orders aren't appearing on the printer. I've sent multiple bar orders, but none of them are printing. What's the problem?", "completion": "Ensure that a printer is assigned to the stations for bar orders. Also, check that the menu items are set to print to one of the designated printers at the station."},
    {"prompt": "For Here orders are not printing at the station. I placed an order for dine-in, but it's not coming through. What do I need to do?", "completion": "Verify that a printer is assigned to the stations for For Here orders. Ensure that the menu items have that station selected as an option to print to for one of the three printers."},
    {"prompt": "To Go orders are not being printed. I sent an order for pickup, but it didn't print at the kitchen. How can I fix this?", "completion": "Check if a printer is assigned to the stations for To Go orders. Make sure that the menu items are set to print to one of the selected printers at the station."},
    {"prompt": "My drive-thru orders aren't coming out on the printer. I processed a drive-thru order, but it didn't print. Any advice?", "completion": "Confirm that a printer is assigned to the stations for drive-thru orders. Ensure that the menu items have the correct station selected to print to for one of the three printers."},
    {"prompt": "I assigned seat numbers, but they're not printing on the orders. How can I ensure the seat numbers are printed?", "completion": "Make sure the 'Seat?' checkbox is checked in Printer Settings for the relevant stations and order types."},
    {"prompt": "Expo tickets are not printing. I need expo tickets for better order management, but they aren't showing up. What should I do?", "completion": "Verify that the 'Send Expo?' checkbox is checked in Printer Settings for the relevant stations and order types."},
    {"prompt": "The cash drawer isn't opening when I process orders. How can I ensure it functions correctly?", "completion": "Ensure that a cash drawer is selected in Printer Settings under 'Cash Drawer 1' or 'Cash Drawer 2' for the relevant station."},
    {"prompt": "Slip printers are not working properly. Orders aren't being printed on the slip printer. What could be wrong?", "completion": "Check if the 'Slip Printer?' checkbox is checked in Printer Settings and ensure a printer is selected for the relevant station and order type."},
    {"prompt": "Dot matrix printers aren't functioning. My orders are not being printed on the dot matrix printer. How can I resolve this?", "completion": "Verify that the 'Dot Matrix?' checkbox is checked in Printer Settings and ensure a printer is selected for the relevant station and order type."},
    {"prompt": "My scale isn't working for weighing items. How do I set it up properly?", "completion": "Check if the scale is turned on in Printer Settings and that the correct scale name is entered."},
    {"prompt": "The receipt printer isn't working for any orders. What could be the issue?", "completion": "Make sure the receipt printer is selected in Printer Settings for the relevant stations."},
    {"prompt": "I can't seem to get the barcode printing on my receipts. What do I need to check?", "completion": "Ensure that the 'Print Barcodes?' option is selected in Printer Settings and that the printer supports barcode printing."},
    {"prompt": "The kitchen printer isn't receiving any orders. How can I troubleshoot this?", "completion": "Ensure that the kitchen printer is selected in Printer Settings for the relevant order types and that menu items are set to print to that printer."},
    {"prompt": "Only some of my stations are printing orders. Why is this happening?", "completion": "Check Printer Settings to make sure each station has a printer assigned for all relevant order types and that menu items are configured to print to those stations."},
    {"prompt": "The cash drawer opens randomly. How can I fix this?", "completion": "Verify that the cash drawer is properly configured in Printer Settings and check if the drawer is set to open only for specific transactions."},
 re the printers are configured in Winprtspl and that the Winprtspl window is not open on the POS, as this stops the printer queue."},
]
